+++
title = 'Dreaming of the French Press'
date = 2024-06-20T12:42:08-04:00
draft = false
categories = ['Creative Writing']
+++

# Lofty Dreams of (a) French Press
As the title implies, I have found myself recently thinking about getting a French press. One of the key reasons being that, I prefer, if possible, to [[Modernity, a Technological Nightmare|not have my appliances require electricity]]. A French press requires no outside help to function excluding the simple action of (French) pressing; and from an entirely (subjective) aesthetic view, they look nice. I (currently) believe that owning a French press would naturally incentive healthy coffee drinking habits (invoke moderation, as not doing so would require greater labor on the part of myself). The press also yet remains a far more affordable option as opposed to the full-blown electric coffee maker as well. In spite of not having much experience in the way of the habitual coffee brew, I do have sense of my personal preferences on the "things" of life (the choice of buying, and using, a French press being one of these many things). One other great thing about a French press (although not unique to one), is that I will have to buy and grind my own coffee beans.

The transition to the French Press does not stop at its mere adoption. This is just a single phase of my idealized greater shift in modal enjoyment. That of of the savoring of coffee. To get to the point: I hint at the adoption, too, of the coffee grinder. I have a strong desire to freshly grind my own coffee beans prior to coffee consumption. Supposedly, freshly ground coffee beans (as compared to pre-ground coffee grounds that one may buy at the store) have a certain freshness to them which aids in overall coffee quality: its scent, color, and flavor. I desire to enjoy these pleasantries inherit to laborious process. Through a poetic-worldview we might see that the very act of self-preparation is indeed the conceptual "freedom" manifest. I, for one, believe that within the very act of creation (in the Hermetic sense) therein present is meditative. O to heal the soul. O to drink coffee. There are very few things in life that actually smell better than freshly ground coffee beans. I would love that smell in the morning. The fact that more people do not grind their beans I personally find this to be rather offensive. As for the French press, however, we shall see. I cannot wait to savor the great fragrance. O to wonder of ye freshly ground and delicious brew; for I am the Brewmeister. I love a good ground bean. "Not my bean, not my problem," that's what I say.

I am also deep in thought considering many other forms of enjoying my coffee as well. This ranges from a large machine, perhaps one of those large metal machines that can brew a fine espresso shot. I hear these machines cost a fortune: the seven jewels and treasures, as well as many gold (chocolate) coins to obtain. The "civil" "man" seems to enjoy these toys, but he will not fool me. I am an honest man. I am a simple man. I shall stick to my French Press, for their toys are more toil and trouble than they are worth their weight in gold (**NOTE**: a lot of gold).

# Actual Thoughts Post-French Press
